doc: made grammar more consistent and correct (#33081)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/backporting-to-release-lines.md

branch. In order to submit a backport pull request to another branch, simply
replace that with the staging branch for the targeted release line.

> 1. Checkout the staging branch for the targeted release line.

Reviewer: While we're in here, maybe this too?

```suggestion
1. Check out the staging branch for the targeted release line.
```

Author: Are we sure we'd want to change this considering it's in reference to the git `checkout` command?

Reviewer 2: I’ll go ahead with landing this as this PR hasn’t modified that part.
